Add documentation for the case cache (#3178)
gpuweb/cts: docs/build.md

# Building

Building the project is not usually needed for local development.
However, for exports to WPT, NodeJS, [or deployment](https://gpuweb.github.io/cts/),
files can be pre-generated.

## Build types

The project can be built three different ways, each with a different output directory:

### 1. `out` directory

**Built with**: `npm run standalone`

**Used by**: The standalone CTS runner. Build and run with: `npx grunt serve`.

### 2. `out-wpt` directory

**Built with**: `npm run wpt`

**Used by**: Web Testing Platform.

Contains:

- An adapter for running WebGPU CTS tests under WPT
- A copy of the needed files from `out/`
- A copy of any `.html` test cases from `src/`

### 3. `out-node` directory

> **Built with**: `npm run node`

Reviewer: [1]

> **Used by**: NodeJS test runners:
> 
> - [`src/common/runtime/cmdline.ts`](../src/common/runtime/cmdline.ts) - A command line interface test runner
> - [`src/common/runtime/server.ts`](../src/common/runtime/server.ts) - An HTTP server for executing CTS tests with a REST interface

Reviewer: As noted in #3160 nothing in this repository actually uses the out-node build. It's only used if you use it explicitly.
Though I just noticed there is no `tools/` version of the `server` runtime. We should have one - #3179.

```suggestion
**Used for**: Running NodeJS tools, if you want to specifically avoid the live-compilation overhead of the `tools/` versions, or are running on a deployment which no longer has access to `ts-node` (which is a build-time dependency). For example:

- `node out-node/common/runtime/cmdline.js` ([source](../src/common/runtime/cmdline.ts)) - A command line interface test runner
- `node out-node/common/runtime/server.js` ([source](../src/common/runtime/server.ts)) - An HTTP server for executing CTS tests with a REST interface
```

Author: If we can get everything to work from just `out`, then that would be great. I've struggled to wrap my head around the N different flavors of build.
